This project implements examples of numerical methods commonly used in
the field of quantitative finances.

Requirements
============

The code has been tested for compatibility with Python 3.10 or higher
and requires the following packages to be installed:

* ``matplotlib``
* ``numpy``
* ``scipy``

To install these packages, navigate to the root directory of the project
using a terminal, and run the command ``python -m pip install -r
requirements.txt``. 

Usage
=====

This code is organized into two main directories: ``src`` and the root
directory which contains examples.

The ``src`` directory is where you will find the underlying code base
that is used by the example scripts. The code in ``src`` is meant to be
imported as a module into the example scripts in order to provide
higher-level access to the numerical methods.

The root directory contains a number of examples which demonstrate the
numerical methods. These examples are meant to be run in Python, and
each example is contained in its own script file.

License and Warranty
====================

The code provided herein is licensed under the terms of the Apache
License, Version 2.0. This warranty is provided solely for educational
purposes and is not intended to be used for commercial or other
purposes. The creator of this code disclaims any responsibility for any
damages or losses that may arise from the use or misuse of this code for
any other purpose. This code is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any
kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.
In no event shall the creator be liable for any claim, damages or other
liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising
from, out of or in connection with the use or inability to use this code
or its documentation.
